variable: description
player: "Player's name"
pos: "Position"
age: "Player's age on February 1 of the season"
tm: "Team"
g: "Games"
mp: "Minutes Played"
per: "Player Efficiency Rating; A measure of per-minute production standardized such that the league average is 15."
ts_percent: "True Shooting Percentage; A measure of shooting efficiency that takes into account 2-point field goals, 3-point field goals, and free throws."
x3pa_rate: "3-Point Attempt Rate; Percentage of FG Attempts from 3-Point Range"
fta_rate: "Free Throw Attempt Rate; Number of FT Attempts Per FG Attempt"
orb_percent: "Offensive Rebound Percentage; An estimate of the percentage of available offensive rebounds a player grabbed while they were on the floor."
drb_percent: "Defensive Rebound Percentage; An estimate of the percentage of available defensive rebounds a player grabbed while they were on the floor."
trb_percent: "Total Rebound Percentage; An estimate of the percentage of available rebounds a player grabbed while they were on the floor."
ast_percent: "Assist Percentage; An estimate of the percentage of teammate field goals a player assisted while they were on the floor."
stl_percent: "Steal Percentage; An estimate of the percentage of opponent possessions that end with a steal by the player while they were on the floor."
blk_percent: "Block Percentage; An estimate of the percentage of opponent two-point field goal attempts blocked by the player while they were on the floor."
tov_percent: "Turnover Percentage; An estimate of turnovers committed per 100 plays."
usg_percent: "Usage Percentage; An estimate of the percentage of team plays used by a player while they were on the floor."
ows: "Offensive Win Shares; An estimate of the number of wins contributed by a player due to offense."
dws: "Defensive Win Shares; An estimate of the number of wins contributed by a player due to defense."
ws: "Win Shares; An estimate of the number of wins contributed by a player."
ws_48: "Win Shares Per 48 Minutes; An estimate of the number of wins contributed by a player per 48 minutes (league average is approximately .100)"
obpm: "Offensive Box Plus/Minus; A box score estimate of the offensive points per 100 possessions a player contributed above a league-average player, translated to an average team."
dbpm: "Defensive Box Plus/Minus; A box score estimate of the defensive points per 100 possessions a player contributed above a league-average player, translated to an average team."
bpm: "Box Plus/Minus; A box score estimate of the points per 100 possessions a player contributed above a league-average player, translated to an average team."
vorp: "Value over Replacement Player; A box score estimate of the points per 100 TEAM possessions that a player contributed above a replacement-level (-2.0) player, translated to an average team and prorated to an 82-game season. Multiply by 2.70 to convert to wins over replacement."